.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

### Checklist

- [ ] Title as described.
- [ ] Make sure you put things in the right category.
- [ ] The description of your item should be a sentence with less than 24 words.
- [ ] Omit unnecessary words already provided in the context (e.g. `for Vite`, `a Vite plugin`).
- [ ] Always add your items to the end of a list.

### Plugins/Tools

<!-- Ignore if you are not contributing to Plugins/Tools -->

- [ ] The plugin/tool is working with **Vite 2.0 and onward**.
- [ ] The project is Open Source.
- [ ] The repo should be at least 30 days old.
- [ ] The documentation is in English.
- [ ] The project is active and maintained.
- [ ] The project accepts contributions.
- [ ] Not a commercial product

### Apps/Websites

<!-- Ignore if you are not contributing to Apps/Websites -->

- [ ] The website is available without errors and load in a reasonable amount of time.
- [ ] The website is using Vite intensively.
- [ ] The website is original and not too simple. For that reason, blogs and simple landing pages are rejected.

Commit message:

chore: plugin conventions in PR template (#103)

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

### Checklist

- [ ] Title as described.
- [ ] Make sure you put things in the right category.
- [ ] The description of your item should be a sentence with less than 24 words.
- [ ] Omit unnecessary words already provided in the context (e.g. `for Vite`, `a Vite plugin`).
- [ ] Always add your items to the end of a list.

### Plugins/Tools

<!-- Ignore if you are not contributing to Plugins/Tools -->

- [ ] The plugin/tool is working with **Vite 2.0 and onward**.
- [ ] The project is Open Source.
- [ ] The project follows the [Vite Plugins Conventions](https://vitejs.dev/guide/api-plugin.html#conventions).
- [ ] The repo should be at least 30 days old.
- [ ] The documentation is in English.
- [ ] The project is active and maintained.
- [ ] The project accepts contributions.
- [ ] Not a commercial product.

### Apps/Websites

<!-- Ignore if you are not contributing to Apps/Websites -->

- [ ] The website is available without errors and load in a reasonable amount of time.
- [ ] The website is using Vite intensively.
- [ ] The website is original and not too simple. For that reason, blogs and simple landing pages are rejected.
